hey guys what's up its nuclear videos HD
today I'm going to be telling you guys
where I get all my donuts for the
simpsons tapped out because you guys are
always asking me where I get all my
donuts from now it's no secret that I
sponsor gamzee no calm it's just because
they're absolutely great I would
definitely never sponsor or promote
anything that wasn't safe or protected
so today I'm just going to be walking
you guys through a purchase on their
site and show you guys a way to get a
discount using a discount code I was
given it's absolutely great enable one
hundred percent work now I know I've got
a massive number of donuts but that's
only because I get a personal discount
for promoting and for customer referrals
so I'm just going to go ahead and buy a
box of 2500 donuts so once you do that
you just go over to by now you should be
in this shopping cart area now once you
have confirmed that you have you know
what you want to purchase over here all
you got to do is go down and type in
your login information now obviously I'm
not going to let you guys see mine that
would not be good but I'm yeah I'm just
going to type this in real quick yeah
okay okay so once you plug in all your
paypal information just click login and
you will be directed to the next page so
right now you should be right here and
we're just going to go ahead and click
continue so now you're going to be
directed to the final checkout page and
right here is where we are going to plug
in this discount code which is friend
dash 1524 so once you plug that in yrs
gonna you know click apply and then
it'll be punched in and you're just
going to go over to complete my purchase
and you will be directed to processing
the payment page and then
you should be over here and it says
you've confirmed your purchase with the
one box of 2500 donuts now just one more
thing it's very important that you guys
are logged out for the delivery time
which is 24 hours and you know yeah your
purchase is done and you can sit back
and wait for your donuts or whatever you
bought to be put on your game and then
you know enjoy so that's pretty much it
thanks for watching and subscribe
hopefully you guys enjoyed the video and
if you guys haven't purchased from games
you know yet makes you guys check it out
because like I said great deals